Nicolas Cage parks his red convertible on the parking lot sightly adjacent to the store at 6:00pm. He make a grimmace as he intends to buy the latest game called 'FortKnight' (not to be consfused with Fortnite) which has been very popular with kids and teenagers worldwide. He walks in the door and hears a beep indicating to the store clerk who is at the counter Tommy Lee Jones that Nicolas Cage has entered the building. He searches every column and shelf in the store but is unable to find the game he is desperately looking for. The clerk notices his demeaner and calmly asks if he could be of assistance. Nicolas Cage yells I need that game and the clerk says you mean Fortknight right? Cage responds with a emphatic yes to which the clerk replies I can go check the back inventory. After being unable to find it, he states calmly that the store has ran out of copies. Cage yells angrily, Why don't you have the game?! Don't make me call your manager. 

Tommy being aware of predicament offers Cage a online copy which comes with the serial number which he can use to register to play the game. Cage demands, I still want to physical copy. Tommy smmiled at him and said, "I know. Thats why at our store, we can give you both. I will order a copy from our factory, have them open a copy with the code in it, send it to you via email or phone or whatever method you prefer and then send you the physical copy to you in the mail. How does that sound?" Cage responds "Fine! I guess that will do ". Tommy goes over to the computer at checkout counter to order Fortknight with the option to both send a code and physical copy. Tommy asks how do you want to recieve the code and Cage responds with email. He also asks Tommy for a address which he can send the physical copy to and Cage responds 123 Conair ave. Boston Massachessets, 94538. Tommy picks the free shipping option which has been pre approved by his manager. At the final step, Cage then brings out his credit card and is charged $62.99. Cage then storms out of his store at around 6:20.